README.md, before:

My dot files
========================
[![Say Thanks!](https://img.shields.io/badge/Say%20Thanks-!-1EAEDB.svg)](https://saythanks.io/to/fatso83)

These are my config files for Bash, VIM, Python, tmux and more. Also includes a handful of [utility scripts](./utils/scripts) 
and quite a lot of [aliases/functions](https://github.com/fatso83/dotfiles/blob/master/common-setup/bash.d/bash_aliases_functions) I find useful and re-use quite often.

This repo is under a [do as you please license](./LICENSE) :)


## Intentionally simple
I really hate code or configuration that I don't understand. It might do magical things, but when things ago awry, and they do, I need to be able to fix it. In this setup, I have handwritten (or at least hand copied :smiley:) every line, and I have tried to document (commit msg or inline comment) why the line exists if it is scary or weird in some way. I encourage you to read the various setup files to understand how it works and prod around yourself :)


## Supports per machine/os settings

_Which_ programs to install and _how_ is of course unique to every operating system. This setup supports this quite fine, so I can get my tools, no matter if macOS or WSL2. 

See [`per-host-config/README.md`](./per-host-config/README.md)

### OS independant utils (macOS and Linux friendly)
Some of the common utilities uses environment switches to handle BSD vs GNU issues and such automatically. Examples of this are `util.esed`  and `util.size`. This way I can use these utils to get (mostly) platform independant scripts :)

## Installation

### WARNING
This repo and its configs includes _my settings_, which means that if you run the `./setup.sh` script, it will _overwrite_ your existing configuration files. This would for instance [include your Git settings](https://github.com/fatso83/dotfiles/blob/master/common-setup/gitconfig), which will screw up commit messages. This is probably not what you want, so be sure to fork it, backup your own home directory and check out the files before going full gung ho.

## Steps
```
git clone https://github.com/fatso83/dotfiles
./dotfiles/setup.sh # and wait until completion ...
```
![install vid](./dotfiles-install.gif "Install video")

The first time you run the install it will take some time, mostly due [YouCompleteMe](https://github.com/Valloric/YouCompleteMe), which needs to be downloaded and compiled. It might seem as if the install hangs on this step, but this only takes a lot of time the first time you run setup. On subsequent `./setup.sh` runs, it should not take more than a second or two.

Commit message:

Avoid overwriting Git committer settings

README.md, after:

My dot files
========================
[![Say Thanks!](https://img.shields.io/badge/Say%20Thanks-!-1EAEDB.svg)](https://saythanks.io/to/fatso83)

These are my config files for Bash, VIM, Python, tmux and more. Also includes a handful of [utility scripts](./utils/scripts) 
and quite a lot of [aliases/functions](https://github.com/fatso83/dotfiles/blob/master/common-setup/bash.d/bash_aliases_functions) I find useful and re-use quite often.

This repo is under a [do as you please license](./LICENSE) :)


## Intentionally simple
I really hate code or configuration that I don't understand. It might do magical things, but when things ago awry, and they do, I need to be able to fix it. In this setup, I have handwritten (or at least hand copied :smiley:) every line, and I have tried to document (commit msg or inline comment) why the line exists if it is scary or weird in some way. I encourage you to read the various setup files to understand how it works and prod around yourself :)


## Supports per machine/os settings

_Which_ programs to install and _how_ is of course unique to every operating system. This setup supports this quite fine, so I can get my tools, no matter if macOS or WSL2. 

See [`per-host-config/README.md`](./per-host-config/README.md)

### OS independant utils (macOS and Linux friendly)
Some of the common utilities uses environment switches to handle BSD vs GNU issues and such automatically. Examples of this are `util.esed`  and `util.size`. This way I can use these utils to get (mostly) platform independant scripts :)

## Installation

### WARNING
This repo and its configs includes _my settings_, which means that if you run the `./setup.sh` script, it will _overwrite_ your existing configuration files. 
I have taken steps to ensure that any _personal_ settings involving names are not re-used (was causing issues), so your Git committer info will be safe :)

## Steps
```
git clone https://github.com/fatso83/dotfiles
./dotfiles/setup.sh # and wait until completion ...
```
![install vid](./dotfiles-install.gif "Install video")

The first time you run the install it will take some time, mostly due [YouCompleteMe](https://github.com/Valloric/YouCompleteMe), which needs to be downloaded and compiled. It might seem as if the install hangs on this step, but this only takes a lot of time the first time you run setup. On subsequent `./setup.sh` runs, it should not take more than a second or two.
